1. NUS
https://inetapps.nus.edu.sg/bulletin/msearch_view_full.aspx?modeCode=[CODE]

Get the codes from:
http://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/programmes/ug/is/curr/

http://bba.nus.edu/acad-prog/2016-02-05-03-41-56/non-business-students/non-biz-cohort-2017-after
http://bba.nus.edu/academic-programmes/bba-programme/curriculum-2017


2. UBC
https://mybcom.sauder.ubc.ca/courses-money-enrolment/courses/comm-438

Get the codes from
https://mybcom.sauder.ubc.ca/courses-money-and-enrolment/courses
scrape dat whole thing

3.

Get the codes from:
CS
http://www.mcgill.ca/study/2017-2018/courses/search?f%5B0%5D=level%3Aundergraduate&f%5B1%5D=field_dept_code%3A0155

Management
http://www.mcgill.ca/study/2017-2018/courses/search?f%5B0%5D=level%3Aundergraduate&f%5B1%5D=field_dept_code%3A0028\

EE & CE
http://www.mcgill.ca/study/2017-2018/courses/search?f%5B0%5D=level%3Aundergraduate&f%5B1%5D=field_dept_code%3A0156

4. City University of Hong Kong
http://www.cityu.edu.hk/ug/current/course/[CODE].htm

Get codes from:
http://www.cityu.edu.hk/ug/current/catalogue/catalogue_UC.htm?page=B/B_course_AC.htm
http://www.cityu.edu.hk/ug/current/catalogue/catalogue_UC.htm?page=B/B_course_EF.htm
http://www.cityu.edu.hk/ug/current/catalogue/catalogue_UC.htm?page=B/B_course_IS.htm
http://www.cityu.edu.hk/ug/current/catalogue/catalogue_UC.htm?page=B/B_course_MGT.htm
http://www.cityu.edu.hk/ug/current/catalogue/catalogue_UC.htm?page=B/B_course_MS.htm
http://www.cityu.edu.hk/ug/current/catalogue/catalogue_UC.htm?page=B/B_course_MS.htm

http://www.cityu.edu.hk/ug/current/catalogue/catalogue_UC.htm?page=B/B_course_CS.htm


5. Sheffield

Scrape the links from
http://www-online.shef.ac.uk:3001/pls/live/web_cal.cal3_unit_form?dept_code=INF&dept_name=Information+School&disp_year=17
http://www-online.shef.ac.uk:3001/pls/live/web_cal.cal3_unit_form?dept_code=COM&dept_name=Computer+Science&disp_year=17
http://www-online.shef.ac.uk:3001/pls/live/web_cal.cal3_unit_form?dept_code=ECN&dept_name=Economics&disp_year=17
http://www-online.shef.ac.uk:3001/pls/live/web_cal.cal3_unit_form?dept_code=MGT&dept_name=Management+School&disp_year=17


6. Georgia Tech
https://www.scheller.gatech.edu/degree-programs/undergraduate/files/BSBACourses.pdf

7. Newcastle University
https://www.ncl.ac.uk/module-catalogue/modules.php

8. Swansea University
https://intranet.swan.ac.uk/catalogue/default.asp?type=modbydept&dept=any&ayr=17/18&detailOnly=false

9. University of Sussex
http://www.sussex.ac.uk/study/international-students/visiting-exchange-erasmus-students/modules/modules/213
http://www.sussex.ac.uk/study/international-students/visiting-exchange-erasmus-students/modules/modules/3515

10. University of Auckland
http://www.courses.business.auckland.ac.nz/BrowseBySubject.aspx

11. University of Florida
http://warrington.ufl.edu/academics/syllabi.asp

12. Babson College
https://fusionmx.babson.edu/CourseListing/index.cfm?fuseaction=CourseListing.DisplayCourseListing&blnShowHeader=true&program=Undergraduate&semester=All&sort_by=course_description&btnSubmit=Display+Courses

13. University of Leeds
http://webprod3.leeds.ac.uk/catalogue/modulesearch.asp?L=UG&Y=201718&F=M&E=all&N=all&S=+&A=any

14. University of Texas at Austin
https://utdirect.utexas.edu/apps/student/coursedocs/nlogon/?semester=20169&department=ACC&course_number=&course_title=&unique=&instructor_first=&instructor_last=&course_type=In+Residence&search=Search

This one's a bit finicky. The maxmimum return is 600 rows, sometimes you will get more, because they keep stuff way back to 2010.

To overcome this, will need to filter by semester as well as department (see the first two params?)
?semester=[year][season] that's how they structure it. The season is mapped to number.
    2 = spring
    6 = summer
    9 = fall
You might need to query all three semesters per department.
Relevant departments i can see are:
    ACC Accounting
    ACF Actuarial Foundations
    B+A Business Administration
    BGS Business, Government, and Society
    C+S Computer Sciences
    ECO Economics
    I+B International Business
    INF Information Studies
    LEB Legal Environment of Business
    MAN Management
    MIS Management Information Systems
    MKT Marketingog

15. Berkeley
http://guide.berkeley.edu/courses/

Pretty crappy, basically only has text description.

16. heriot-watt-university
https://www.hw.ac.uk/documents/courses-sml.pdf

Also crappy

17. Lancaster University
http://www.lusi.lancaster.ac.uk/CoursesHandbook/ModuleDetails/OnlineModules?yearId=000117&categoryCodeLid=000622&sortOrder=0

18. University of nottingham
http://modulecatalogue.nottingham.ac.uk/nottingham/asp/FindModule.asp

You have to do a post on texas-tech-university

import requests

url = "http://modulecatalogue.nottingham.ac.uk/nottingham/asp/FindModule.asp"

// Search business school for 2017/18 courses
payload = {
    "cmdSchool": "Search",
    "org_id": 000237,
    "year_id": 000117
}
headers = {
    'origin': "http://modulecatalogue.nottingham.ac.uk",
    'x-devtools-emulate-network-conditions-client-id': "7e71c6aa-bcdd-4fc4-9725-eff6da4cc831",
    'upgrade-insecure-requests': "1",
    'user-agent': "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/60.0.3112.113 Safari/537.36",
    'content-type': "application/x-www-form-urlencoded",
    'accept': "text/html,application/xhtml+xml,application/xml;q=0.9,image/webp,image/apng,*/*;q=0.8",
    'dnt': "1",
    'referer': "http://modulecatalogue.nottingham.ac.uk/nottingham/asp/main_search.asp",
    'accept-encoding': "gzip, deflate",
    'accept-language': "en-AU,en;q=0.8,en-GB;q=0.6,en-US;q=0.4,ru;q=0.2",
    'cookie': "ASPSESSIONIDCABCCBTQ=BOBAGNHBHKEEPPCHBCHEKOAJ",
    'cache-control': "no-cache",
    'postman-token': "c6e4954c-30c0-934f-e1f3-9104e55dc1ec"
    }

response = requests.request("POST", url, data=payload, headers=headers)

print(response.text)

19. University of Alberta

You need subject code, which you get from here:
https://catalogue.ualberta.ca/Course/Faculty?facultyCode=BC

Then you need course codes, which you get from:
https://catalogue.ualberta.ca/Course/Subject?subjectCode=[subjectCode]

Then you get a list of past syllabi from here:
https://catalogue.ualberta.ca/Course/PastSyllabi?subjectCode=[subjectCode]&catalog=[courseCode]

And probably download the first one

20. University of Glasgow
http://www.gla.ac.uk/coursecatalogue/courselist/?code=REG40100000&name=Adam+Smith+Business+School
http://www.gla.ac.uk/coursecatalogue/courselist/?code=REG30200000&name=School+of+Computing+Science
